Interview questions:
1)What is Angular.
2)Why was Angular introduced as a client-side framework?
3)Define the ng-content Directive?
  -Accessibility Applications
  -Angular CLI
  -Animation Support
  -Cross-Platform App Development
  -Code Generation
  -Code Splitting
  -Synergy with Popular Code Editors and IDEs
  -Templates
  -Testing
  -State some advantages of Angular over other frameworks.
  -Declarative UI
  -Long-term Google Support
4)What is the difference between Angular and AngularJS?
5)What are Lifecycle hooks in Angular? Explain some life cycles hooks
6)Could we make an angular application to render on the server-side?
7)Explain Dependency Injection?
8)Describe the MVVM architecture.
9)Demonstrate navigating between different routes in an Angular application.
10)What is the AOT (Ahead-Of-Time) Compilation? What are its advantages?
11)Could you explain services in Angular?
12)Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using Angular?
13)What is string interpolation in Angular?
14)Explain Angular Authentication and Authorization.
15)Can you explain the concept of scope hierarchy in Angular?
16)How to generate a class
17)Could you explain the concept of templates in Angular?
18)Explain the difference between an Annotation and a Decorator in Angular?
19)What are directives in Angular?
20)What are the building blocks of Angular?
21)Could you explain the difference between Angular expressions and JavaScript expressions?
22)What is Data Binding? How many ways it can be done?
23)Can you draw a comparison between the service() and the factory() functions?
24)Please explain the digest cycle in Angular?
25)What is SPA (Single Page Application) in Angular? Contrast SPA technology with traditional web technology?
26)What is ViewEncapsulation and how many ways are there do to do it in Angular?

https://github.com/sudheerj/angular-interview-questions#table-of-contents
3)What is TypeScript
4)Write a pictorial diagram of Angular architecture?
4)What are the key components of Angular?
4)What are directives?
5)What are components?
6)What are the differences between Component and Directive?
7)What is a template?


https://dzone.com/articles/50-top-angular-interview-questions-amp-answers
1)What is Angular?
2)Why Angular?
3)What Is Angular/What Do You Know About Angular?
4)What Is the Purpose of Angular?
5)What Are the Essential Building Blocks of Angular?
6)Tell Us the Difference Between Angular and AngularJS
7)Mention Some of the Features of Angular
9)Discuss Some Advantages of Using Angular
10)Can You Think of Any Disadvantages of Using Angular?
11)What Are Directives in Angular?
12)How Is Dependency Injection (DI) Done in Angular?
13)How Are Angular Expressions Different From Javascript Expressions?
14)Explain the Architecture of Angular
15)Tell Us Some Differences Between Component and Directive
16)What Is the Primary Language Used in Angular?
17)What Is Data Binding, and What Are the Different Categories of Data Binding?
18)What Are the Various Filters Supported by Angular? - Pipe.
19)What Are NgModules? Differentiate Between Javascript Modules and NgModules
20)What Are ngIf and ngFor? Can You Show a Small Example to Use Them?
21)Which Is the Latest Version of Angular? What Are the New Features in It?
22)What Is a Component?
23)Is There a Way to Convert the Typescript Code Into Javascript Code? How Is It Done?
24)What Is the Digest Cycle?
25)What Is a Pipe? Write a Simple Code to Demonstrate.
26)Can You Create a Parameterized Pipe in the Above Example?
27)Explain How You Can Chain Pipes
28)What Is the Purpose of an Async Pipe?
29)What Is the Difference Between Pure and Impure Pipe?
30)Explain the Importance of HttpClient.
31)How Does Angular Router Work?




1) https://angular.io/guide/glossary
2) Testing:
  -read gerking
  -write few unit tests.